What is an estuary?
An old mountain range
Combination of freshwater and saltwater
A type of climate
Combination of freshwater and saltwater
Estuaries are where freshwater and saltwater meet, resulting in a diverse habitat.
Why are estuaries crucial to humans?
They are important for trade and travel
They provide nice vacation getaways
They are not important to humans
They are important for trade and travel
Estuaries are ports where ships can dock and unload goods, allowing them to be used for trade and travel.
Why are horseshoe crabs important?
They clean beaches
Their blood is important for testing
They know where the candy is
Their blood is important for testing
Horseshoe crab blood can be used to detect bacteria and endotoxins in medical testing.
Which of these is an invasive species?
Polar Bears
European Green Crabs
Catfish
European Green Crabs
European green crabs are natively from European coastlines, and can out compete native crabs. This can disrupt in the food chain. 
Which of these is an invasive species?
Chinese Mitten Crab
American Bald Eagle
Horseshoe Crab
Chinese Mitten Crab
Chinese mitten crabs are natively from Pacific coast of China and Korea, and can out compete native crab species. This can disrupt the food chain.
Why are horseshoe crab eggs important for Red Knots?
They help navigate
They provide shelter
Red Knots feed on horseshoe crab eggs
Red Knots feed on horseshoe crab eggs
Red knots use horseshoe crab eggs as sustinance to migrate north.
What estuary is home to the world’s largest horseshoe crab population?
Delaware
Chesapeake
Hudson
Delaware
Every year, thousands of horseshoe crabs migrate to Delaware Bay to lay eggs.
What is another habitat in estuaries?
Desert
City
Oyster Reefs
Oyster Reefs
Oyster reefs are areas or habitats where freshwater meet salt water from the ocean, meaning it is an estuary.
Which ocean do Delaware estuaries connect to?
Pacific Ocean
Atlantic Ocean
Indian Ocean
Atlantic Ocean
Delaware estuaries facilitate the exchange of freshwater and its nearest ocean, the Atlantic Ocean.
Which of these is a predator in Delaware estuaries?
Lion
Wombat
Osprey
Osprey
Osprey are a predator in Delaware estuaries. Wombats are mostly found in Australia and lions are mostly found in Africa.
Which of these are found in Delaware estuaries?
Whelks
Conchs
Tigers
Whelks
Whelks, not Conchs are found in Delaware estuaries. Conchs are mostly found in tropical waters and tigers are mostly found in southern Asia and Russia. 